[UpgradeFile] Introduce upgrade from Sylius 1.12 with PriceHistoryPlugin to Sylius 1.13 (#14900)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-FROM-1.12-WITH-PRICE-HISTORY-PLUGIN-TO-1.13-LEGACY.md

> ⚙️ Upgrade from Sylius 1.12 with PriceHistoryPlugin to Sylius 1.13

Reviewer: Wondering whether the files and these sections shouldn't be called `Migrating PriceHistoryPlugin`.
IMO that's what's actually described in them

    ```

1. Update the `Channel` entity to use interface from `Core`:

    ```diff
    - use Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\ChannelInterface;
    + use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ChannelInterface;
    ```
   Then remove the trait:
    ```diff
    - use ChannelPriceHistoryConfigAwareTrait;
    ```

1. Update the `ChannelPricing` entity to use interface from `Core`:

    ```diff
    - use Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\ChannelPricingInterface;
    + use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ChannelPricingInterface;
    ```
   Then remove the trait:
    ```diff
    - use LowestPriceBeforeDiscountAwareTrait;
    ```

1. Update your resources configuration for `ChannelPricingLogEntry` and `ChannelPriceHistoryConfig` if you have changed them in your project:

    ```diff
    - sylius_price_history:
    + sylius_core:
         resources:
             channel_price_history_config:
                 classes:
                     model: App\Entity\ChannelPriceHistoryConfig
                     ...
             channel_pricing_log_entry:
                 classes:
                     model: App\Entity\ChannelPricingLogEntry
                     ...
    ```

>    followed by this change to configure the `batch_size` option in the upgraded version, you will need to use the `sylius_core.price_history.batch_size` root node instead of `sylius_price_history.batch_size`.

Reviewer: Would be nice to have this change either spread out like the one above or incorporated within it

⚙️ Upgrade from Sylius 1.12 with PriceHistoryPlugin to Sylius 1.13
==================================================================

We encourage you to use the upgrade instructions based on Rector as it is more convenient and faster to accomplish.
The rector installation guide is available [here](UPGRADE-FROM-1.12-WITH-PRICE-HISTORY-PLUGIN-TO-1.13.md).

Legacy upgrade
--------------

1. Remove the PriceHistoryPlugin from composer.json by running:

    ```bash
    composer remove sylius/price-history-plugin --no-scripts
    ```

1. Make sure to remove the following config from your `config/packages/sylius_price_history_plugin.yaml` file:

    ```diff
    -  - { resource: "@SyliusPriceHistoryPlugin/config/config.yaml" }

>     ```
>    And the route from your `config/routes/sylius_price_history_plugin.yaml`:
>     ```diff

Reviewer 2: Use blank lines before and after code blocks:
```suggestion
    ```

   And the route from your `config/routes/sylius_price_history_plugin.yaml`:

    ```diff
```
here and in other places

    - sylius_price_history_admin:
    -    resource: '@SyliusPriceHistoryPlugin/config/admin_routing.yaml'
    -    prefix: '/%sylius_admin.path_name%'
    ```

>    And also remove this line from your `packages/bundles.php` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   And also remove the plugin from your `packages/bundles.php` file:
```

    ```diff

    - sylius_price_history_admin:
    -    resource: '@SyliusPriceHistoryPlugin/config/admin_routing.yaml'
    -    prefix: '/%sylius_admin.path_name%'

    ```

   And also remove the plugin from your `packages/bundles.php` file:

    ```diff

    - Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\SyliusPriceHistoryPlugin::class => ['all' => true],

    ```

1. Update the `Channel` entity to use interface from `Core`:

    ```diff

    - use Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\ChannelInterface;
    + use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ChannelInterface;

    ```

   Then remove the trait:

    ```diff

    - use ChannelPriceHistoryConfigAwareTrait;

    ```

1. Update the `ChannelPricing` entity to use interface from `Core`:

    ```diff

    - use Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\ChannelPricingInterface;
    + use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ChannelPricingInterface;

    ```
   Then remove the trait:

    ```diff

    - use LowestPriceBeforeDiscountAwareTrait;

    ```

1. Update your resources configuration for `ChannelPricingLogEntry` and `ChannelPriceHistoryConfig` if you have changed them in your project:

    ```diff

>     - sylius_price_history:
>     + sylius_core:
>          resources:
>              channel_price_history_config:
>                  classes:
>                      model: App\Entity\ChannelPriceHistoryConfig
>                      ...
>              channel_pricing_log_entry:
>                  classes:
>                      model: App\Entity\ChannelPricingLogEntry
>                      ...
>          price_history:
>              batch_size: 100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - sylius_price_history:
    -     batch_size: 100
    + sylius_core:
    +     price_history:
    +         batch_size: 100
         resources:
             channel_price_history_config:
                 classes:
                     model: App\Entity\ChannelPriceHistoryConfig
                     ...
             channel_pricing_log_entry:
                 classes:
                     model: App\Entity\ChannelPricingLogEntry
                     ...
```

⚙️ Upgrade from Sylius 1.12 with PriceHistoryPlugin to Sylius 1.13
==================================================================

> We encourage you to use the upgrade instructions based on Rector as it is more convenient and faster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We encourage you to use the upgrade instructions based on Rector as it is more convenient and faster to perform.
```
or
```suggestion
We encourage you to use the upgrade instructions based on Rector as it is more convenient and faster to accomplish.
```

The rector installation guide is available [here](UPGRADE-FROM-1.12-WITH-PRICE-HISTORY-PLUGIN-TO-1.13.md).

> Legacy Upgrade

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Legacy upgrade
```

    ```
1. Make sure to remove the following config from your `config/packages/sylius_price_history_plugin.yaml` file:
    ```diff
    -  - { resource: "@SyliusPriceHistoryPlugin/config/config.yaml" }
    ```
   And the route from your `config/routes/sylius_price_history_plugin.yaml`:
    ```diff
    - sylius_price_history_admin:
    -    resource: '@SyliusPriceHistoryPlugin/config/admin_routing.yaml'
    -    prefix: '/%sylius_admin.path_name%'
    ```
   And also remove this line from your `packages/bundles.php` file:
    ```diff
    - Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\SyliusPriceHistoryPlugin::class => ['all' => true],
    ```
1. Update the `Channel` entity to use interface from `Core`:
    ```diff
    - use Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\ChannelInterface;
    + use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ChannelInterface;
    ```
   Then remove the trait:
    ```diff
    - use ChannelPriceHistoryConfigAwareTrait;
    ```
1. Update the `ChannelPricing` entity to use interface from `Core`:
    ```diff
    - use Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Domain\Model\ChannelPricingInterface;
    + use Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ChannelPricingInterface;
    ```
   Then remove the trait:
    ```diff

>     -     use LowestPriceBeforeDiscountAwareTrait;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - use LowestPriceBeforeDiscountAwareTrait;
```
